This package contains 3 different topology predictors:
1. PRODIV-TMHMM
2. PRO-TMHMM
3. S-TMHMM

The first two are alignment based, whereas the last is sequence based.
This is a walk through on how to run this software on a linux/unix box.
The procedure is not intentionally complicated. It also assumes that
some program for finding homologs and creating multiple sequence alignments
is available.

Initial setup:
1. Compile the programs in the modhmm0.92b directory by typing 'make all'.
2. Run the script init.pl <program-path>. The parameter is the path to
	the prodiv-tmhmm directory. This script basically adds this path
	to some places where it is needed within the program.

To run PRODIV-TMHMM (or PRO-TMHMM or S-TMHMM)
1. For PRODIV-TMHMM and PRO-TMHMM, create multiple sequence alignments and save
	them in the modhmm standard
 	format (described below). For S-TMHMM, save the sequences to run
	in fasta format, one sequence per file.
2. Run the script all_tmhmm_runner.pl. This script takes 3 parameters.
	1. The program to run: "s" for S-TMHMM, "pro" for PRO-TMHMM or
	   "prodiv" for PRODIV-TMHMM.
	2. The directory of the files to predict. All files in this directory
	   will be run.
	3. The directory to save the output in. Output is a file called
	   'something.res'.
	   



The modhmm alignment format:
	One alignment per file
	Each alignment row starts with '<' and ends with '>'
	Every residue is separated by a ';'.
	Gaps are described by either '.', ' ', '_' or '-'.
	Gaps at the end of a row may be omitted so that the row
		simply ends prematurely.
	No row may be longer than the first, which should contain
		the original query sequence.
	NOTE: Make sure that the original query sequence is the top
		sequence in the alignment file	
Example file for query ACDEFG
<A;C;D;E;F;G;>
<A;-;D;E;F;G;>
<A;-;-;F;F;T;>
<A;-;-;A;>
.
.
.

There is also a simple parser from selex to mod format included. This parser ignores all comments in
the selex-file, both user comments an "machine" comments. It also needs the separation between the
sequence name and the sequence to be just one space.
